Wang Kun's father
Totally crazy
Are you looking for people all over the world to sit you down?
This old man is not giving up yet
Mr. Ye, I will find you now.
Let Liu Yuandai arrest this wife to death
See what else he does
It's useless for you to go to the Sixth Hospital now.
No evidence.
Even if what he says is true
Take it as if there is no way
Not to mention
This news is not necessarily true
Ye Nan, I swear to God, is it still not okay?
I heard with my own ears what I told your dad
If your news is true
I will naturally thank you.
That's more like it.
Gone
Mr. Li
Don't you believe it?
What if they're lying?
It's not that I don't believe
but
Might as well take it away
Wait a minute.